[docs] Add antipattern for nested ray.get (#43184)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/patterns/nested-ray-get.rst

.. _nested-ray-get:

Anti-pattern: Calling ray.get on task arguments harms performance
=================================================================

**TLDR:** If possible, pass ``ObjectRefs`` as direct task arguments, instead of passing a list as the task argument and then calling :func:`ray.get() <ray.get>` inside the task.

When a task calls ``ray.get()``, it must block until the value of the ``ObjectRef`` is ready.

> If all cores are already occupied, this can lead to a deadlock, as the task that produce the ``ObjectRef``'s value may need the caller task's resources in order to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all cores are already occupied, this situation can lead to a deadlock, as the task that produces the ``ObjectRef``'s value may need the caller task's resources in order to run.
```

To handle this issue, if the caller task would block in ``ray.get()``, Ray temporarily releases the caller's CPU resources to allow the pending task to run.

> This can harm performance and stability because the caller will continue to use a process and memory to hold its stack while other tasks run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior can harm performance and stability because the caller continues to use a process and memory to hold its stack while other tasks run.
```
